sup Oh bitch get out of the way mo fucka
no he is a he's a fucking trooper this
guy he's a fucking pro at this game I
can tell look at him blood DK carrying
the warband everything really fucking
really fucking really are you serious
are you fucking serious bruh I'm just
gonna kill me it looks like nobody's
healing you man sorry this guy was doing
his job and then stopped me because I
fucked him up oh now I fucked him up
wha-bam who's playing holi does the
problem that is the big disconcerning
issue there goes a stun you know what I
might have to get it out of the way haha
comic greatness ooh baby rage music
you're slick you ain't slick you ain't
shit motherfucker ok now you actually
are shit you're actually doing a lot of
shit to me so I don't know what to do
now you're kind of fucking me in the
anus so maybe I can blind your friend
I'd blinded you instead fuck oh yeah Oh
whew ooohhh i got back up I got back up
back up motherfucker what you trying to
say back upload fucka you cornered me
man you're cornered me you triggered me
what am I supposed to do how many plot
offs yes there dude are you read this BG
like twice today no three times said no
twice on the stream and there's so many
fucking blood is like what's off bak wat
da fuck bro just no no would you go got
it got him yo you look on me lock it a
lot like me you look a lock-up I get it
that's that's what it sounds like my
head that I just fucking said Oh best
use of adrenaline rush that's where
hello actually it was poop hahaha get
out of here sucka kill um i ah I
actually kind of I threw my hands up in
the air just now I just threw my hands
up in the air that's how upset i
actually got in just a second ago about
over this I'm a fucking cry-baby I I
gotta be like what the fuck is wrong
with me
yes foosh baby 27k but guess why that's
actually pretty good for combat rogue ha
mother fucker mother fuck if I just want
swifty mother flower mother flower oh
shit like I actually died this warrior
actually fucked him up pretty hard BAM
wha-bam get out of my house this is my
house where's your fucking keys you
don't have keys to this house to get the
fuck out bro get out get out of here
muhfucka I'm a stun him and I got
nothing no burst no damage no damage for
this motherfucker no damage for the
motherfucker damn it I need to find more
guys do I need to keep this damage going
hey man how's going brah oh man let me
just what the fuck whoa man you kind of
lagging aren't you hey man you and your
play in the game sorry I need fucking I
need to kill you there you go you did a
good job today Billy i'm proud of you
i'm proud of with bailey you did a
psychic would go up today this
motherfucker better yo come on this one
I'm to look at this look at this look at
this ha ha ha ha ha motherfucker huzzah
double this rate oh my goodness Chris
Chris Chris Chris old a mother fuckas
such a happy BG if I could singing show
tunes here dude this is a fucking show
this is would be a shit show but his BG
is actually fucking good wow he had
wings and he died anyway like you guys
his so fucking hard just now like it
what what what could you do what could
he do about it you know don't spin you
anywhere dude you think you're slick you
think you're slick but you ain't shit oh
fuck yeah you're kind of you are kind of
hot shit ah well that's okay I'll be the
first one to attack you I love this uh D
key lock as I can help it yeah oh yeah
yeah what is this good just following
people around what a fucking bot dude
you're such a bot oh my god my goodness
why you such a fucking bottle why
why you gotta fight your villain ever
why you gotta bite you know bub bub why
are you know what bub I love Bob whoops
okay yo give me a house dude I got a
cookie for you to get me out yeah you
got it you got it you got it you got oh
you better get it oh my god really
really I'm pissed I am pissed okay are
you a bot two are you actually gonna
grab him Cole are you about I think who
this guy is a bond okay now i'm rooted
what fuck i should have no hit me i took
away my Dodge yeah I kind of fucked
myself that you guys see what happened I
oh my God he's running back to the base
really you know if I can get all these
guys to follow me right I'll be so cool
is he actually just gonna run or he's
just gonna sit in the base it's just
gonna sit isn't he I can't tell if he's
a bottle player maybe he's just fucking
with me peek-a-boo I see you ma fucka
yeah you guys in back of your head dude
I literally was right in front of you
and then behind you seven times that
kills me hits for several times Oh baby
rage yo dude I don't care for that trap
I don't give a shit
mmm sinister strike since strike
eviscerate here kid a shot oh my
goodness here you get him you got him I
you selling tea he's subtle tea isn't it
it's not deal as much damage I am and I
bet you're not my fucking 3 comma point
decimal above probably does more damage
than his pinky honestly let's be all
right no I have more damage no it's the
other way around I have more damage than
he does I have more damage of a pink is
that he doesn't his bull vodka fuck I
fucked it up whatever you know what how
many kill blows are we at 13 which
damage did you feel a lot this was like
honestly I love you combat rogue I love
combat just oh my god such a happy b g